hey what's up guys the explanation bros
here today i'll explain a comedy fantasy
film titled ted 2. spoilers incoming the
movie begins on a bright boston
afternoon ted the talking teddy bear is
about to marry his girlfriend the ever
seductive tammy linton this proves two
things happy endings can come true for
anyone and america doesn't give a damn
about anything do you tammy lin take
this teddy bear to be your lawfully
wedded husband says the officiating
priest the priest appears to be the man
who plays flash gordon says childhood
hero i do others tamil in her boston
accent flash gordon and asks ted the
same question every right i do ted
responded flash gordon his flashy
cassock declares the pair husband and
wife you may now kiss the bear says
flash tammy lynn kisses ted and the
audience cheers for the newlywed can't
do a boss on accent guys on the
reception the guest applauds as the
newlywed makes their entrance teddy this
is the best day of my life i just love
you so much tammy says to ted i love you
too baby i'm gonna go 50 shades of bear
on you tonight response ted ted notices
his best friend john sitting alone
despite the cheerful ambiance hey buddy
you okay there you look a little down
you still shaking off that hangover from
the bachelor party as ted then a
cutscene from the bachelor house party
where ted john and a few friends
drinking while watching grizzly bears
having intercourse the male grizzly bear
humping the sheep bear in doggy style or
what should i say bear style
john talks to ted in a short while while
flash gordon approaches ted and john at
the table hey big day yeah bud you guys
want to sell it with a says flash then
signal said and john to do cocaine dead
decline since tammy lynn might get mad
if he does drugs on their wedding day
flashlight shares that he just did drugs
with a guy and bets ted and john that
they wouldn't spot who that guy is the
best of friends tries to look at the gas
and spots a guy doing jumping ropes in
the middle of the room punches a guy and
dives at the glass door one year later
ted and tammy lynn argue like any other
couple ted then goes to a bar to meet
jon they talk and wash their problems
away with an ice cold beer the bartender
then flirts with jon and invites him to
a thing after hours john declines ted
encourages john you gotta get back in
the game man ted was right it's been a
year and half since he got laid in the
next scene ted's working at the
supermarket as a cashier a man then puts
a cereal to buy the customer played by
liam nelson seems cautious in purchasing
a cereal like he's buying drugs ted was
confused by the interaction will i be
followed asks the customer no that's not
in our budget here ted responds
awkwardly as the customer hands out cash
he says hey i won't forget what you've
done here for me today said then
responds with a straight face i would
prefer if you do the man then inserts a
cereal box into his jacket slowly and
leaves a colleague then asks ted about
his marriage and ted states the current
situation how do you fix a broken
marriage ted asks well i'll tell you one
way you guys have a baby joe responds
joe explains that a baby not only keeps
the marriage together but also makes the
marriage happy she then points at a
white couple with a baby as an example
non soon after ted confronts and
apologizes to his wife ted tells tammy
lin that he wants to have a baby tammy
lynn clearly wants the same i think if
we got a kid to love it would teach us
to love each other ted explains tammy
lynn loves the idea of having a baby and
forgives ted she's wearing high heels
proceeds to hug and kiss her [ __ ]
teddy bear for husband later on ted
smokes pot with jon as they watch law
and order ted then tells john the big
news that he and his wife are planning
to have a baby jon happily congratulates
ted but then asks how they're going to
do it since ted is a teddy bear and he
doesn't have the exact tools ted tells
john that he needs a sperm donor and
thought of sam jones aka flash gordon
savior of the universe ted tries to
contact flash via email but he can't get
a signal so he asks john if he can use
his laptop ted saw jon's bizarre raided
x collection they both agree that jon
needs to get laid they then proceed to
destroy jon's laptop with a hammer and
crowbar the next day chad and jon visit
sam jones and he declines to be the
sperm donor disappointed john and ted
plan on jerking off sam jones and run
away with his sperm after failing to get
sperms of the all-american quarterback
tom brady the pair agrees to have john
donate instead thunder bodies for life
remember ask john thunder buddies for
life ted responds meanwhile a police
dispatcher asks the unit in the area to
respond to a 317. once a 317 asks the
rookie to a senior buddy somebody's
trying to steal tom brady's jizz again
the senior police respond at the boston
fertility group the two best friends
wait for their turn jon is called by a
good looking nurse john proceeds to a
room to donate his specimen meanwhile
ted asks the receptionist where the
non-jerk-off bathroom is as ted explores
the center he is invited by a doctor to
the sperm storage not too long john
walks in and teases ted by showing him
the species man ted backs often picks up
a sample i'll trade you catch said
others as he throws another donor sample
to jon the sample fails and scatters all
over the floor f dude that's somebody's
kid they tried to scoop up the glue on
the floor as john dixon's sample he
stubbles in a cabinet full of samples
and it goes down on him john is
drenching samples he spits the glue like
specimen as he curses ted takes the
opportunity to take a photo hashtag
ted says as he posts a photo on facebook
said and tammy lin are informed that
tami lin is no longer fertile due to her
excessive drug use at the hospital later
that day they tried to adopt a child but
were declined aside from tamilin's drug
conviction because ted is technically
classified as property not a person a
series of issues hit ted his cards were
declined he got fired from his job his
marriage was annulled and worst of all
he is no longer papa gino's rewards
member the following day ted and jon
decide to fight the injustice and goes
to a law firm due to their financial
situation they were offered to work with
a fresh graduate they agreed there they
meet samantha jackson played by amanda
seyfried they are skeptical of
samantha's capability as a lawyer since
she's obviously young and has zero
experience the stakes were high and they
were suing the government all doubts
were erased as she grabbed a bong under
her desk and took one toke i'm sorry you
don't mind the pot do you i get
migraines samantha says as pot smokers
jon and ted are fine with it i'm gonna
get a huge migraine in the parking lot
in 20 minutes ted responds for a few
segments the trio bonds and prepares for
the case meanwhile at the hasbro
headquarters when donnie works as a
janitor he meet with tom's ceo donny
proposes taking ted using legal matters
and cutting him open so they know how
ted has created and created millions of
ted for other children this would double
their profit overnight we just have to
make sure that ted loses the case and
get the best lawyers in the world donnie
explains the proposal piques tom's
interest afterwards at the court the
defense strategy is that things our pets
do not get the same rights as humans
while samantha's strategy used the
history of black americans during the
slave trade as an example of human
rights they continue with the court
proceedings it's ted stern at the podium
and questions ted do you love your wife
samantha asks i love my wife i don't
care what everyone says ted replies
samantha then convinces a jury that ted
is capable of healing and has his own
conscience later on the jury has reached
the verdict in the case of ted versus
the commonwealth massachusetts we the
jury find the commonwealth and that ted
is not a person said closes his eyes as
he realizes the situation donny at the
back disguise himself smirks clearly
he's pleased with the verdict samantha
tammy lin jon and ted brainstorm on
their next move samantha then gets an
idea and calls patrick megan a lawyer
experience in human rights cases she
thinks she might be able to overturn the
case patrick agrees to take the case for
free trio ted john and samantha then
travels to new york on the road ted
drives the car into a barn in the middle
of nowhere the gang discovers heaven on
earth like any pothead that means a
marijuana farm the trio then creates a
bonfire and takes turns and hitting a
penis-shaped bong ted discovers a cowboy
hat a rifle and a guitar samantha grabs
a guitar and plays a song for some
random reason animals show up and listen
to her sing jon mesmerized by her
singing leans to kiss her they kiss ted
on the other hand smiles in success in
the morning the gang arrives at patrick
megan's office in new york patrick
played by morgan freeman declines to
represent ted in overturning the case
patrick explains that to be human is to
contribute to society ted has multiple
arrests drug cases and other shenanigans
it's a hard case to represent and if
patrick is to represent ted it would
just be fighting a lost cause patrick
compares ted to the delinquent justin
bieber this may the tree assaults in a
busy new york street ted is frustrated
and argues with jon he walks out for
some reason ted walks into comic-con and
donny stalks nearby thousands of people
attend comic-con donnie now disguises
raphael from teenage mutant ninja
turtles approaches ted he asks to take a
picture with him and leads into an empty
hallway donny takes off his mask ted is
scared at what he sees it's so good to
see you ted donny says with a straight
face donny slowly walks towards ted as
he backs up go to hell ted says as he
runs for his dear life ted runs back to
the comic-con venue steals a stranger's
phone and calls jon he informs jon that
donny is present and tries to kidnap him
meanwhile donnie spots ted and runs
after him ted hides in the midst of a
row of teddy bears donnie can identify
tad and grabs him and beats him
finally john arrives at comic-con and
looks for ted he spots guy and asks him
where ted is guy then points where he
saw ted donny straps ted into a table
using duct tape the hasbro ceo watching
in anticipation ted wakes up and curses
at donny for kidnapping him kidnapping
only applause to people donnie replies
at the same time while looking for ted
john stumbles to sam jones hey bennett
you messed up my car what the hell is
wrong with you sam shouts a fight
between sam jones and jon
donny on the other hand tries to cut ted
open using a knife outside the fight
between jon and sam jones escalated into
a brawl amidst the chaos jon and
samantha were able to find ted jon
punches donnie aside as the hass brosie
eo leaves the movie ends with donny
cutting a rope that slams a prominent
figure of the uss enterprise to jon ted
was able to identify donny and had him
arrested jon ends up in hospital jon
pranks the whole squad into thinking he
is dead the film ends when the whole
comic-con incident was filmed and
broadcasted in all major media outlets
and patrick megan changes his mind and
decides to help ted's case patrick
convinces the jury that ted is human and
they win i'm so sorry i butchered the
voices anyway thank you so much for
watching if you enjoyed this video
please hit the like button and also
subscribe to my channel for more videos
like this see you in the next video